[plugin-web-app] Deprecate page component validation steps (#3851)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app.adoc

When I click on a button with the name 'Toggle element visibility with delay'
Then element located 'By.xpath(//div[@id='delayed'])' disappears in 'PT3S'
----

== Tips & Tricks

=== Validate url host component

To validate host component of current page URL the following expression can be used:

.Validate host component of current page URL
[source,gherkin]
----

> Then `#{extractHostFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `$expected-page-host`

Reviewer: note really user friendly, I guess it would be better to make the example as following (just snippet)
Given I am on page with url `https://dwqeqwe.com/qweqe`
Then `#{extractHostFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `dwqeqwe.com`

Author: Added usage example below at each section

Reviewer 2: this example should be removed, since better one is provided below

----

Where:

> * `${current-page-url}` is the dynamic variable which provides the URL of the page currently loaded in the browser.

Reviewer: it would be useful to create cross link to the expression

When I click on a button with the name 'Toggle element visibility with delay'
Then element located 'By.xpath(//div[@id='delayed'])' disappears in 'PT3S'
----

== Tips & Tricks

=== Validate URL host of the opened page

To validate host component of the current page URL the following statement can be used:

> .Validate host component of current page URL

Reviewer 2: redundant title

.Validate host component of "https://example.com/relative/url/example.html"
[source,gherkin]
----
Given I am on page with URL `https://example.com/relative/url/example.html`
Then `#{extractHostFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `example.com`
----

> 
> Where:
> 
> * `${current-page-url}` is the <<Current page URL>> dynamic variable.

Reviewer 2: we don't use "where"-approach to describe inputs
```suggestion
* `${current-page-url}` is the <<Current page URL>> dynamic variable.
```

Reviewer 2: how is this line rendered in docs?

Reviewer 2: the same for sections below

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48581960/233118514-b2a470f9-e1c6-47f2-8e17-13b755f1bd63.png)
And link leads to current page url title 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48581960/233118700-e1c0348b-1d1e-46ec-b8b1-b423b3dcf14f.png)

Reviewer 2: no reason to capitalize `Current...`

When I click on a button with the name 'Toggle element visibility with delay'
Then element located 'By.xpath(//div[@id='delayed'])' disappears in 'PT3S'
----

== Tips & Tricks

> === Validate url host component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Validate URL host of the opened page
```

> To validate host component of current page URL the following expression can be used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To validate host component of the current page URL the following statement can be used:
```

.Validate host component of current page URL
[source,gherkin]
----
Then `#{extractHostFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `$expected-page-host`
----

Where:

* `${current-page-url}` is the <<Current page URL>> dynamic variable.
* `$expected-page-host` is the expected host of current page.

.Validate host component of "https://example.com/relative/url/example.html"
[source,gherkin]
----
Given I am on page with URL `https://example.com/relative/url/example.html`
Then `#{extractHostFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `example.com`
----

> === Validate url path component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Validate URL path of the opened page
```

> To validate path component of current page URL the following expression can be used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To validate path component of current page URL the following statement can be used:
```

.Validate path component of current page URL
[source,gherkin]
----

> Then `#{extractPathFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `$expected-page-path`

Reviewer 2: this example should be removed, since better one is provided below

----

Where:

* `${current-page-url}` is the <<Current page URL>> dynamic variable.
* `$expected-page-path` is the expected path of current page.

.Validate path component of "https://example.com/relative/url/example.html"
[source,gherkin]
----
Given I am on page with URL `https://example.com/relative/url/example.html`
Then `#{extractPathFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `/relative/url/example.html`
----

> === Validate url part

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Validate URL of the opened page partially
```

> To validate if current page's URL contains part of url the following expression can be used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To validate whether current page URL contains some part the following statement can be used:
```

.Validate part of current page URL
[source,gherkin]
----

> Then `${current-page-url}` matches `$expected-page-url-part-regex`

Reviewer 2: this example should be removed, since better one is provided below

----
Given I am on page with URL `https://example.com/relative/url/example.html`
Then `#{extractHostFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `example.com`
----

* `${current-page-url}` is the <<Current page URL,current page URL>> dynamic variable.

=== Validate URL path of the opened page

To validate path component of the current page URL the following statement can be used:

.Validate path component of "https://example.com/relative/url/example.html"
[source,gherkin]
----
Given I am on page with URL `https://example.com/relative/url/example.html`
Then `#{extractPathFromUrl(${current-page-url})}` is equal to `/relative/url/example.html`
----

* `${current-page-url}` is the <<Current page URL,current page URL>> dynamic variable.

=== Validate URL of the opened page partially

To validate whether current page URL contains some part the following statement can be used:

.Validate part of "https://example.com/relative/url/example.html"
[source,gherkin]
----
Given I am on page with URL `https://example.com/relative/url/example.html`
Then `${current-page-url}` matches `.+\/relative\/url.+`
----

* `${current-page-url}` is the <<Current page URL,current page URL>> dynamic variable.

> * `.+\/relative\/url.+` is regex expression for the expected part of page URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `.+\/relative\/url.+` is a regular expression to match the expected part of the page URL.
```
